Here is a complete analysis of the current implementation:

1. Are beneficiary records stored in the production database or local storage?

Production database (PostgreSQL). All beneficiary data is stored in the beneficiaries table via Drizzle ORM (lib/db/src/schema/beneficiaries.ts). The app fetches from /api/beneficiaries on every load. localStorage is only used as a read-only fallback cache — it is written to after a successful API fetch, and only read if the API call fails. It is never the source of truth.

2. Are admin accounts stored in the production database or local storage?

Neither — they are hardcoded directly in the frontend JavaScript source code:

ADMIN_USERNAME = "Assubaihi"
ADMIN_PASSWORD = "admin123"   ← lines 135–136 in App.tsx

This means: (a) there is only ever one admin account, (b) the credentials are visible to anyone who inspects the page source, and (c) changing the password requires a code deployment.

3. Are notifications stored in the production database?

Yes. Notifications have their own notifications table in PostgreSQL (lib/db/src/schema/notifications.ts). All reads and writes go through /api/beneficiaries/:id/notifications and related endpoints. They persist permanently and are never stored in the browser.

4. If you close your browser and return later, will all beneficiary data remain available?

Yes. Since the database is the source of truth, closing and reopening the browser has no effect on the data. The app re-fetches everything from the API on load.

5. If a beneficiary opens their unique URL from a different device, will they see the same data?

Yes. All devices query the same API, which reads from the same PostgreSQL database. The data is identical regardless of device, browser, or location.

⚠️ One important finding:
The admin password (admin123) is exposed in the client-side JavaScript bundle. Anyone who opens browser DevTools and searches the source can find it. If security matters, the admin login should be validated server-side with the password stored securely in the database or environment variables